Hello :)

Welcome to further supporting information of our paper "MARTINI-based force fields for predicting gas separation performances of MOF/polymer composites". Here you can find 
(i) a microstate for the CB, RD and SRD ZIF-8/PVDF systems loaded with each of the three gasses studied in our work in the folder "Microstates". These are given in the form of LAMMPS data file written with the atom_style full and correspond to the microstate attained after the fix NPT simulation made to study the gas structuration. Note that the nanoparticle is not centerred in the center of the simulation domain as no command to ensure it is kept there during the equilibration of the ZIF-8/PVDF system in https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/acs.jctc.4c01341. A microstate for CG bulk ZIF-8 is also made available in this directory in case you would like to study some gas adsorption on it. This corresponds to the initial microstate used in the hybrid MC/MD simulations made to adsorb CO2, CH4 or N2, as discussed in the Supporting Information. Similarly to before, the microstate is given in the form of a LAMMPS data file written with the atom_style full.
(ii) the in-house python code written for computing the number of gas molecules inside a spherical region centerred in the center of the nanoparticle. The code contains comments to assist with the understanding of its different parts. It is specific for the CB nanoparticle and concerns the spherical region of radius 24 angstroms but can easily be adapted as indicated in the comments for other systems and spheres of different radius.
